# CS-250-T1138-Scrum-Agile

User needs are collected and interpreted through the requirement-gathering stage of the agile process. This can be done in multiple ways but there is typically a session allotted to meet with the clients and write down what they are looking for out of the product created. These requirements are placed into a product backlog and the backlog is used to create user stories assigned each sprint. User stories are helpful because they list what is to be created and what is to be expected in detail. The format of the story can typically follow this format as a <type> of user I would like to perform <some task> so that I can achieve <something>. This standard format ensures that the user's wants and needs are always addressed when developing a user story.
  
In a development team in a Scrum-agile environment, it is typical to start working on user stories assigned to you. This requires reading through them and doing any necessary research to gauge the work ahead. This can include looking at the documentation, viewing examples on the internet, or reaching out to experienced teammates, etc. The information gathered at this point can be utilized in development. If a user story is taking longer than expected to develop or help is needed on roadblocks that should be communicated to the team. It is important to finish each user story within a sprint on time, usually within a one to four-week period. This iteration process that has allotted assignments per sprint is something I plan to use in my future developments. It helps spread everything out in an easy-to-approach way and can help prevent taking on too much work at once.
  
In software development the most important trait to have is contribution. It is important to fully understand your roles and expectations and stay included and present in team events. In Scrum, there are daily standups that are short but require you to mention what you did yesterday, what you plan on doing today, and any roadblocks you might have. It is a simple but extremely useful tool, that when the full team contributes everyone in the project can better understand where the development stands, and help can be given when needed. With the many Scrum events, there are multiple ways to contribute and each one has its benefits to take from. 

  
